Move around node content & reduce duplicate content (#2771)
chef/chef-web-docs: content/nodes.md

{{% node_attribute %}}

### Attributes

{{% node_attribute_when_to_use %}}

See [Attributes](/attributes) for detailed information on the different types of node attributes and how they are used to set policy on nodes.

### Run-lists

{{% node_run_list %}}

#### Run-list Format

{{% node_run_list_format %}}

## Managing Nodes

> There are several ways to manage nodes directly: via knife, Chef
> Automate, or by using command-line tools that are specific to Chef Infra
> Client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can manage nodes directly using Knife, Chef Automate, or by using command-line tools that are specific to Chef Infra Client.
```

> - [knife](/workstation/knife/) can be used to create, edit, view, list, tag, and delete nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Knife](/workstation/knife/) can be used to create, edit, view, list, tag, and delete nodes.
```

> - knife plug-ins can be used to create, edit, and manage nodes that are located on cloud providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Knife plug-ins can be used to create, edit, and manage nodes that are located on cloud providers.
```
